email@watchandcode.com

Hello Gordon, Arielle,
Before we get to the quiz reset request I'm hoping to share some thoughts about my experiences with the quizzes
to this point and solicit your insights and ask you to provide some guidance.

Regarding preparation for the quizzes, the following is from section 4. Quizzes, in the Orientation of the Premium
Content: "They're designed such that a student carefully going through the material should get 100% of the questions right."

I'm not feeling that level of preparedness at all, and I'm not sure why. I enrolled in Premium on October 29 after completing
Practical JavaScript. As you know, that course was replaced on November 2 and access to Practical JS was lost. I have found
that to be somewhat disruptive. Programming Foundations is similar, but as an example, I couldn't find a reference to Gordon's
"this" cheatsheet in Programming Foundations. (That didn't help my performance on this quiz.)

I am concurrently going through Programming Foundations and the Premium Content, but have decided to stop working
Premium and focus solely on Programming Foundations. As I'm sure you can imagine this is frustrating as a consumer.
It was my hope that beginning the paid Premium membership I would be focusing on that and using Practical JS as a
reference. I think if I would have known that Programming Foundations was coming online only a few days after starting
my Premium subscription, and that it would be useful to complete or review PF before starting Premium, I would have
happily delayed my subscription a couple weeks and done Programming Foundations after completing Practical JS.

Thanks for listening. Any thoughts?

1. Please provide URL to failed quiz.

https://watchandcode.com/courses/77710/lectures/24736743

2. What was your answer and why was it wrong?

My answer was:
a. True 100%
b. Evidence: When the debugger is paused at line 2, and the cursor is hovered over `this`, a box appears
   with PersonMakerA as the title and __proto__: object listed in the box.

3. The reason(s) that you were drawn to the incorrect answer.

As stated in #2, it appears to me that the `this` in question is referencing PersonMakerA.

4. Specific steps you will take to prevent this from happening again.

Admittedly, I'm still confused by this question and am unsure why my answer is wrong. I'm hoping that
in the next segment I will gain a better understanding of what I don't currently understand.

At this point there are a number of different thoughts I have as to what I'm missing:
1. Is it the semantics of the question? Example: "equal" vs "reference".
2. Is it an issue of equivalency between a function and an object? Example: Is the the function similar
to a class declaration and is the question asking is a class the same as an object?
3. Do I not have an understanding of what the debugger is showing me? (This is the most probable to me.)
4. Do I just not have a clue what is going on here.
5. Late Breaking! I did find Gordon's cheatsheet. `this` is referencing the created object. I'm now
   assuming the question is asking if `this` is referencting the function PersonMakerA(). That would
   be false based on this new info. I also believe I now have a better understanding of what the
   debugger is showing me.
